[Python] querying articles batch 5 [Replace C# samples] (#1819)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/querying/debugging/include-explanations.python.markdown

    * [View explanations](../../../../client-api/session/querying/debugging/include-explanations#view-explanations)  
    * [Syntax](../../../../client-api/session/querying/debugging/include-explanations#syntax)  
{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: Include explanations in a query}

{CODE-TABS}
{CODE-TAB:python:Query explain@ClientApi\Session\Querying\Debugging\IncludeExplanations.py /}
{CODE-TAB-BLOCK:sql:RQL}
from "Products"
where search(Name, "Syrup") or search(Name, "Lager")
include explanations()
{CODE-TAB-BLOCK/}
{CODE-TABS/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: View explanations}

* The detailed explanations can be viewed from the **Query view** in Studio.  

* Running a query with `include_explanations` will show an additional **Explanations Tab**.

![Figure 1. Explanations in the Studio](images/include-explanations-1.png "Include explanations")

* Sample score details:

![Figure 2. View explanations](images/include-explanations-2.png "View explanation")

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Syntax}

{CODE:python syntax@ClientApi\Session\Querying\Debugging\IncludeExplanations.py /}

| Parameters | Data type | Description |
| - | - | - |

> | **explanations_callback** | `Callable[[Explanations], None]` | <ul><li>A callback function with an output parameter.</li><li>The parameter passed to the callback will be filled with the `Explanations` object when query returns.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **explanations_callback** | `Callable[[Explanations], None]` | <ul><li>A callback function (action) that takes Explanations as an argument. It will be called by the client with resulting Explanations.</li> <li>You can interact with resulting Explanations inside your callback.</li></ul> |
```

Author: done
